All the work I have submitted is my own and I have not violated any UofM honor code.
This file will serve you as a guide to run and test the program

//Abstraction by method and data
//only information needed to perform functionalities will be available to user
Driver class:
	Serves as a driver for other class. 
	Initiate and maintain different methods. 
	Organize the execution of a program. 
	Provides command line interface to users for accessing application. 
	User can :
		1. Add Item to cart
		2. Remove item from cart
		3. Check Out
		4. View Cart content
		5. Cancel transaction
Item class:
	Object class contains information about each Item
		Have name, catagoty, code, Quantity, unit, price as Object variables
		Setters and getter methods to access variables

User class:
	Have information about user
		userID as a key and username as a value for a now
		If we need to make changes in future additional information must be 
added here, like loyal customer, total purchase etc.


Database class:
	maintains two databases:
		Item database
			Dictionary of Item objects with itemCode as a key and Item 
object as a value
			itemCode is a concatination of item's catagory and code both 
are represented as numbers for now	
 
		user database
			Maintains dictionary of User type objects with userID as key 
and User object as a value

Cart class:
	contains each user's cart information
	Initialized database object as a class variable so that multiple Object of 
cart can access the same database, which they should. 
	implements methods such as addITem, removeItem, checkOut, ViewCart.


Overview : 
	At the starting of program database will be loaded into memory, database will 
be read from inventory.csv file. Then user can perform the actions he/she wants and 
then can either checkout or cancle the transaction. If user sucessfully can check out 
then Available quantities will be updated in database. After checkout a state of 
database will be written to inventory2.csv file to use it in future reference.


GuidLine for inputs:

itemCode		itemName
11111			Apple
11113			Strawberry
11112			Oranges
11115			Banana
11114			Quiona
10111			TShirt-B
10112			TShirt-G
10223			Chair

It should ask for according unit for input for example banana unit is lb, Quiona pkt and apple Item

